hey guys this is a Tom from when rumors
calm our hit status to look at the AT&T
samsung focus flash now this is a
samsung sort of smaller and considerably
cheaper Windows Phone and now you notice
if we look at the device it's slightly
slightly thicker than some of the other
windows phones out there and obviously a
lot smaller than the focus s or the HTC
Titan and that's got some good viewing
angles on the screen and it's a packed
with an amulet display so you can see
the colors that are really rich now one
of the one of the interesting points of
the focus flash is it actually has a
physical button rather than a capacitive
windows button now this does mean you
can use it obviously as in the standard
way to navigate through windows phone
you can also use it to actually power on
and the phone and get past the lock
screen and now if we look at the actual
side of the device and what you'll see
is we've got the volume rocker on the
left hand side and now other buttons
down the bottom there so it's pretty
clean and better side of the device
there and now at the bottom we've got
the micro USB for charging an Aussie
transferring data and and at the right
hand side of the device we've got the
camera button at the bottom and the
power button at the top so fairly
standard rumors phone there and
obviously the headphone jack right at
the top of the device they're moving
towards the rear the device and what
you'll see here is this or metallic back
plate here and fairly easy to pop off
and it is fairly thin and but once it's
actually on the device is fairly sturdy
so pretty good build quality there and
now looking here we've obviously got the
battery there and the sim card there and
then the camera at the top now there's
no microSD slot again now taking a look
at the actual software aspects of the
focus flash and you'll see that AT&T has
room really made that many improvements
you've got the standard internet sharing
and this obviously requires an ATT to
enable this or if you're in Europe
it will only aww and so be whatever
carry you pick that up on now same songs
also added in a sort of extra settings
menu this just gives you a few few
options just to customize the active
device so if you go into extra setting
and the first thing you'll see is the
auto display intensity at the top there
and now this basically will dim the
screen on white background so if you're
using like Outlook or Internet Explorer
you'll see that the screen dimming now
the next one is the actual vibration
feedback this is for the competitive
buttons at the bottom and so you can
turn off the vibration they're handy if
it if it rotates you and now the final
option is the echo cancellation so this
improves phone quality now the final
sort of extra setting that Samsung's
point is the high fidelity position
settings now you can enable the top
option here which allows the device to
use the accelerometer or compass when
GPS isn't available and you've also got
the Cronus satellite navigation system
which is the Russian satellite
navigation system now both of those
settings are handy but it definitely not
must have and now if we move on to the
actual camera device what you can see
here is Samsung have added in this sort
of forward facing camera support for
windows phone 7 5 and so for the price
of the device you're getting an AMOLED
screen and a forward facing camera which
is which is always handy and now moving
on to natural settings and there's no
sort of face tracking here or and saw
the settings that we see on the focus s
which the anti shaking setting and so
it's just a standard 5 megapixel camera
here and you can also change the photo
quality data now look at the video side
of things there's not many seconds
here's sort of video quality and
resolution
now we're just going to compare this to
some of the devices available to get the
radar on the right here and the focus
flash on the left ear now the focus
flash has the AMOLED display and the
radar has the super LCD display so you
can probably see where the sort of
amyloid colors a little bit brighter now
flipping knees together and we can see
that the focus flesh and the radar seem
to be very similar in sort of thickness
there may be the focus flash probably a
little bit fed-up face similar devices
here now both have a 5 megapixel camera
and the results of the images are fairly
identical and now one thing you also
notice is the rear of the devices have a
metallic fill on both of the back covers
now the next up is the nokia lumia 800
on the right and the focus flash on the
left now both of these devices have 3.7
inch AMOLED displays and so as you can
see they're fairly similar in terms of
size and in terms of brightness to now
if we flip these both together you can
see that the thickness of the Luna is
probably a little bit thinner on the
Lumia there and but overall they're
fairly similar in terms of size now
looking at the rear the devices you can
clearly see the design differences here
nokia is obviously opted for the
all-in-one device where you can't remove
the back cover whereas samsung you can
and now obviously looking at the width
you can see the bloom is a little bit
wider but it has used the polycarbonate
body whereas Samsung's using the sort of
metallic film again the next comparisons
between the original samsung focus on
the right and the samsung focus fashion
are left here now both devices have
AMOLED displays and the focus on the
right here is the 4-inch so slightly
bigger now I'm going to flip the theme
back to the original sort of red Windows
Phone theme and just show you the
comparison here now the focus flash on
the left here has a lot more vibrant
colors and the focus feels a little bit
washed out now flipping knees together
and we can sort of see the fitness of
the devices and I think it's safe to say
that the focus is probably a little bit
thinner there
but it's obviously the bigger device and
now looking at the real devices and now
they both got 5 megapixel cameras on the
back here and we got a plastic backing
on the original focus and the focus
speciality got metallic back in and now
the focus is a wider and but probably
due to the 4-inch display there okay any
final comparison is between the focus s
on the right the original focus in the
middle and the focus flash on the left
now you can see the focus in the middle
here has got sort of washed out colors
compared to the flesh and the s Samsung
has clearly done a lot of work on the
screen quality for both of these new
devices